Suggestions for NYC

------Museums------
ART

I highly recommend MoMA, it's one of the world most prestigious museum, although Starry Night is on load to the MET right now.

MET is second in art recommendation, if you want a little bit more of history and artifacts in the mix instead of just art, this might be better.
If you go to The MET, make sure to check out Central Park's conservatory garden and outside of Guggenheim Museum building.

NON-ART
I recommend Museum of Natural History, another world class museum that's great for families as well as just adults.
Highlights include top floor full of dinosaur fossils, hall of gems and stone (my fav), and ocean room with giant whale replica.
There's also cool planetarium with neat 5min show.

You can spend whole days here if wanted, so pick and choose.

-------Other Places------
Route A ->
Start from Hudson Yards and The Vessel, take a walk down High Line (old rail road track turned into park).
Walk down to Chelsea Market at and check it out. The Thai restaurant there is good and the long taco line for famous los taco is worth it. Especially Al Pastor one.
Then visit Little Island just few minutes from Chelsea Market

Route B ->
From Time square it's a short walk to see the Rockefeller center. Be sure to walk pass Radio City music hall on the way. Best view of Rockefeller is from fifth avenue.
If you'd like to do some shopping fifth avenue is where it's at.
If you'd like to, Grand Central Station is a short walk from Rockefeller, neat building worth checking out. There's bathroom in basement.

Route C -> start near chinatown ish?
walk the Brooklyn Bridge and then go to Dumbo. don't miss the iconic spot where people take pictures for instagram (Google it).
then make sure to visit Main Street Park and go by the carousel to get some of the best view of the city skyline.
there's also a food hall nearby.
if down for drinking, there's Randolph brewery with great view of city, great selection of beer, and bunch if games.

SOHO/Prince St./Washinton Sq Park is where all the hip people hangout, culture, influencer, celebs spottings.
I really like Washington Sq park, it's a glimpse into the city of what people are on about.
Nearby is a cool board game cafe called Uncommons.
Also Great NYC style pizza nearby called Percy's, it's my favourite in the city.

---------Restaurant-------

Thai:
In Hell's Kitchen I recommend Wondee Siam.
Near Chelsea I recommend Aiyada in Chelsea Market
and one of the best thai in the city is towards LES called Som Tum Der

Japanese:
Sushi-wise, I highly recommend Sugarfish!!! You can get god omakase for less than $50, absolute steal.
They don't take reservation so you have to show up and put your name in.

Nami Nori is also one of my favorite places in the city, they do amazing handrolls.

Try Katz if you want OG new york taste of jewish deli, get the Pastrami  sandwich.

Korean:
In Koreantown I recommend a Korean fried chicken place called Turntables. really cool vibes and good food.

-------Broadway-------

You're in NYC! I highly recommend Broadway.
Everyone raves about Hamilton but tix is very expensive.
For a funny show I recommend Chucked, good for fam.

For flashier stuff, more spectacle I recommend Moulin Rogue, especially you like catch music.
TodayTix is an app that gives you pretty good pricing.

-----Bars------

There's dive bar with live jazz band, ping pong, foosball, chess, shuffleboard, etc.... pretty good vibes called Cellar dog

For nicer place with green/forest/jungle themed with cocktails I recommend Gallow Green.

For clubbing with really nice view of city, amazing view of empire state I recommend 230 fifth rooftop bar.
Somewhere No Where is also fun for clubbing
