Pob's Thailand recs. (

The North. 

Northern Thailand consist of many moutains and forests.
It's easy to spend the night at the hotel in Chaing Mai or Chaing Rai because those are the two major cities.
However if you can find a legitimate places near pu chi fa, I highly recommend it.

These are highly recommended the places to visit(Please image google them and see if it fits you)

1)phu chi fa... You'd have to be there the night before the morning if you want to see the beatiful sunrise(try to stay there a night if you can)... What it is, is that you go so high up the moutains that you're above the clouds... and when the sunrise it's above the a sea of clouds. 

http://www.hoteltrip.com/travelblogs/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/Phu-Chi-Fa-Chiang-Rai.jpg

2) Doi Tung 

Another famous tourist place... There's a garden to celebrate the King's mother that is very pretty... (See link below).

http://i.ytimg.com/vi/AjzeEb7jPSs/maxresdefault.jpg

3)doi inthanon
Doi means moutain peak... this is another moutain if you have time is cool to visit... it'll be the burial site of the King and the Queen after their passing. There's a huge "jaydee" building for them. Somewhat recommended if you have time but not the biggest thing.

http://images.summitpost.org/original/610604.JPG

4)Wat Rong Khun

Famous wat(buddhist temple) for both thai and foreigners tourists... I highly recommend it, it's beautifully built... 

5)Golden triangle

The triangle is an island that's serparted in to Burma, Laos and Thailand. If you want to visit Laos or Burma from thailand this would be a neat little plave to do so... plenty of tourists therefore plenty of accomendation, it's actually pretty nice so don't let tourists discourage you.

The South.

The most beautiful beaches are in Trang/Krabi or really any parts of the "Andaman Coast" ... there are a ton of beaches and islands(called Koh/Ko)... 

-Phuket is highly discouraged, it's a tourist trap with a huge party scene... 
Nothing is authentically Thai and the beaches are subpar
unless you're simply looking to party, raves, etc.

-Koh Lanta is also very popular among tourist... but it's actually quite beautiful. Many ranges of places to stay from luxurious hotels to cheaper small rooms.
From there you can take day tours to see waterfalls(depends on the season, best during rainy), four/three island tours
if you take the tour make sure you get to go to "Koh Rok"
^one of the most beautiful beaches availible, you can camp there too... barely any buildings, well preserved.
^snorkling and diving tours will make you feel like you're in a different world, I swam with school of thousands of fishes
^cave tour is cool
^Google Koh Mook, it's a green emerald beach inside a cave... amazing.

-Koh Phi phi
^Another popular one but still good
^A bit more higher class, well developed tourist place

-ao phang nga national park
if you're interested in see Koh tapu aka James Bond island (famous island from The Man with the Golden Gun)

Other small island might be pretty but could be pretty remote and not convenient, more adventurous than relaxing... Plenty of islands have camp grounds

Central.

Bangkok, go to Siam.
Explore Siam Paragon, walk down to Central World... around it (less interesting) are Siam Discovery, Siam center <--younstersscene
You think Mall of America is big, both Siam paragon and Central world is bigger... and they're a block from each other.

Go to all the famous temples, especially Wat Phra Kaew. Also beauitful at Night.

An hour south of Bangkok you can go to the floating market.
Amphawa Floating Market is the one I recommend, livliest with most things to see. EXTREMELY crowded though.

Big Don'ts in Thailand:
1)Touch anyone's head/hair
2)Step on money or books (feet are consider lower objects and disrespectful)
3)Criticize the monarch (literally illegal)
4)Touch any buddhist sculpture
5) be unaware of your possesion

Do:
1)Put your wallet in front pocket. Trust me, even if you think you are sensitive... backpocket is big nono, no one does it.
2)Pause during national anthem (take hats off) happens every 6pm.
