Suggestions for NYC

------Museums------
Check out https://www.nycforfree.co/free-museums for list of free museums on vairous days of the month

ART

I highly recommend MoMA, it's one of the world most prestigious museum, although Starry Night is on load to the MET right now.

MET is second in art recommendation, if you want a little bit more of history and artifacts in the mix instead of just art, this might be better.
If you go to The MET, make sure to check out Central Park's conservatory garden and outside of Guggenheim Museum building.

Also, a little hidden gem, right by Guggenheim Museum is a free gallery called salon 94. Usually pretty cool stuff not to miss.

NON-ART
I recommend Museum of Natural History, another world class museum that's great for families as well as just adults.
Highlights include top floor full of dinosaur fossils, hall of gems and stone (my fav), and ocean room with giant whale replica.
There's also cool planetarium with neat 5min show.

You can spend whole days here if wanted, so pick and choose.

Half day of Statue of Liberty & Ellis Island is also nice.
It took me years before going... I didn't think much to go see statue of liberty as it seems touristy but it was neat.
What really cool was Ellis Island museum of Immigration. It's very well done. Both islands are in the same ticket priced. It goes Manhttan -> Liberty -> Ellis -> Manhttan

If you just wanna see Statue of Liberty closer but not interested in Ellis Island, you can take the Staten Island Ferry there and back FOR FREE.

-------Other Places------
Route A ->
Start from Hudson Yards and The Vessel, take a walk down High Line (old rail road track turned into park).
Walk down to Chelsea Market at and check it out. The Thai restaurant there is good and the long taco line for famous los taco is worth it. Especially Al Pastor one.
Then visit Little Island just few minutes from Chelsea Market.

Route B ->
From Time square it's a short walk to see the Rockefeller center. Be sure to walk pass Radio City music hall on the way. Best view of Rockefeller is from fifth avenue.
If you'd like to do some shopping fifth avenue is where it's at.
If you'd like to, Grand Central Station is a short walk from Rockefeller, neat building worth checking out. There's bathroom in basement.
Then New York Public Library is also close walk from Grand Central. They do tours, you should book ahead for those to see reading room. Even without tour the place itself is
nice to see and you have bryant park right behind.

Route C -> start near chinatown ish?
walk the Brooklyn Bridge and then go to Dumbo. don't miss the iconic spot where people take pictures for instagram (Google it).
then make sure to visit Main Street Park and go by the carousel to get some of the best view of the city skyline.
there's also a food hall nearby.
if down for drinking, there's Randolph brewery with great view of city, great selection of beer, and bunch if games.

SOHO/Prince St./Washinton Sq Park is where all the hip people hangout, culture, influencer, celebs spottings.
I really like Washington Sq park, it's a glimpse into the city of what people are on about.
Nearby is a cool board game cafe called Uncommons.

---------Restaurant-------

Thai:
In Hell's Kitchen I recommend Wondee Siam.
Near Chelsea I recommend Aiyada in Chelsea Market
and one of the best thai in the city is towards LES called Som Tum Der
In Queens(Astoria) Pai Boat Noodles is great

Japanese:
Sushi-wise, I highly recommend Sugarfish!!! You can get god omakase for less than $50, absolute steal.
They don't take reservation so you have to show up and put your name in.

Nami Nori is also one of my favorite places in the city, they do amazing handrolls.

KENKA is an awesome Japanese restaurant that serves various Japanese dishes in smaller portions. Go with friends and share. Drink.
You can make your own Cotton candy after! It's reasonably priced too but long line can a thing.

Korean:
In Koreantown I recommend a Korean fried chicken place called Turntables. really cool vibes and good food.
There's a food court in Korea Town called Food Gallery 32. Kobeque in there is fantastic.

Chinese:
ny great noodletown (get soft shell crab or HK style roast pork noodles)
La Danistria (Cuban and Chinese Mix)
If you go to Flushing - Asian Jewels is great for dimsum. Get the red looking shrimp wrapped in fried taro, one of best dim sum ive ever had.

Egyptian:
IBN Hamido Seafood - This place have awesome seafood, you can choose how you want eat thing cooked.

Cheap Eats:
Emapanada Mama's, Ollie's Chinese Lunch Special, Various Chinatown Restaurant

Fancy:
I really liked Kochi (michelin-starred, asian, they serve everything on a stick!)

Other:
Try Kat'z if you want OG new york taste of jewish deli, get the Pastrami sandwich.
Grey's Papaya for hotdogs

-------Broadway-------

You're in NYC! I highly recommend Broadway.
Everyone raves about Hamilton but tix is very expensive.
For a funny show I recommend Chucked, good for fam.

For flashier stuff, more spectacle I recommend Moulin Rogue, especially you like catch music.
TodayTix is an app that gives you pretty good pricing.

-----Bars------

There's dive bar with live jazz band, ping pong, foosball, chess, shuffleboard, etc.... pretty good vibes called Cellar dog

For nicer place with green/forest/jungle themed with cocktails I recommend Gallow Green.

For clubbing with really nice view of city, amazing view of empire state I recommend 230 fifth rooftop bar.
Somewhere No Where is also fun for clubbing

One of my favourite bar in NYC is called wonderville, filled with protyped arcade machine. New Age music. cool vibes, but it's a bit deeper in Brooklyn.

Board game bar called Uncommons is fantastic

Depends on the area you're in, feel free to hit me up for best spots in that area.

------Comedy-----

Comedy Cellar is the best quality, try to get the one in MacDougal St. Tickets goes fast so book ahead.

For Improv, can't go wrong with Second City in Williamsburg. They're fantastic!

------Other Tips-----

- You can tap to pay on bus and subway, easiest way yo get around
- Wear good shoes, expect to walk a lot
- You can jay walk, it's legal.
- Beware of pickpockets and scams. If they ask for money or donations, especially in time sq or Rockefeller it's likely a scam. Including fake monks.
- Don't block the sidewalk: Step to the side if you need to check your phone or look at a map.
